[OUDS] Divider component (#2932)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/0.3/helpers/dividers.md

---
layout: docs
title: Dividers
description: Use the horizontal or vertical rule helpers to create dividers. A divider can be used to visually structure an interface by clearly separating content sections.
group: helpers
aliases:
  - "/docs/helpers/dividers/"
toc: true
---

## Horizontal rules

> Horizontal rules should use the `<hr>` tag, when the separator has semantic meaning (i.e., when it represents a topic change or a significant transition in the content). If the divider is purely decorative, use a `<div>` styled with a `hr` class ensuring it is hidden from assistive technologies (e.g., `aria-hidden="true"`).

Reviewer: `.hr` doesn't exist. maybe we should implement it ?
```suggestion
Horizontal rules should use the `<hr>` tag, when the separator has semantic meaning (i.e., when it represents a topic change or a significant transition in the content). If the divider is purely decorative, prefer using a border CSS property on a `<div>` or our [border utilities]({{< docsref "/utilities/border" >}}), or even ensure to hide it from assistive technologies (e.g., `aria-hidden="true"`).
```

{{< example >}}
<hr>

> <hr class="text-brand-primary">

Reviewer: Are we allowed to use text utilities to modify a border looking helper ?

<div class="border-top border-default my-medium"></div>
<div class="border-top border-emphasized border-thick my-medium"></div>
{{< /example >}}

## Vertical rules

> Vertical rules are inspired by the `<hr>` element, allowing you to create vertical dividers in common layouts. They're styled just like `<hr>` elements. They have `min-height` of `1em`.

Reviewer: TBH `1em` looks a bit arbitrary, but I can't figure out why it shouldn't be this value.
